Release notes for 6.8.13 (#63838)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/release-notes/highlights-6.8.13.asciidoc

[[release-highlights-6.8.13]]
== 6.8.13 release highlights
++++
<titleabbrev>6.8.13</titleabbrev>
++++

See also <<release-notes-6.8.13,{es} 6.8.13 release notes>>.

[float]

> ==== Fixed a retry logic for {ccr} when encountering exceptions
> 
> A {ccr} will automatically retry when facing transient errors caused by circuit breaker or
> inability to connect to remote cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
==== Fixed retries for {ccr}

{ccr-cap} now retries operations that failed due to a circuit breaker or a lost
remote cluster connection.
```
